capital = 563
oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = FER_republic
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = FER_alexander_bolotov
recruit_character = FER_andrey_svetzarov
recruit_character = FER_apollon_kruse
recruit_character = FER_artemy_lysogorsky
recruit_character = FER_boris_tadley
recruit_character = FER_donat_yosefovich_kunle
recruit_character = FER_evgeny_ivanov
recruit_character = FER_georgy_gins
recruit_character = FER_georgy_shekherev
recruit_character = FER_georgy_taube
recruit_character = FER_igor_buntovsky
recruit_character = FER_ivan_mikhailov
recruit_character = FER_konstantin_rodzaevsky
recruit_character = FER_konstantin_steklov
recruit_character = FER_mikhail_kapral
recruit_character = FER_mikhail_matkovsky
recruit_character = FER_mikhail_spasovsky
recruit_character = FER_nikolay_abramov
recruit_character = FER_nikolay_petlin
recruit_character = FER_nikolay_zaerko
recruit_character = FER_pyotr_wrangel_ii
recruit_character = FER_rostislav_kolchak
recruit_character = FER_vladimir_kibardin
recruit_character = FER_vyacheslav_baranov
recruit_character = FER_yuri_yungmeister
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	limited_exports
	FER_far_eastern_tiger
	FER_frozen_economy
	FER_japanese_domestic_dog
	FER_revived_white_army
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democracy
	last_election = "1968.8.23"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	totalitarian_socialism = 3
	radical_socialism = 1
	moderate_socialism = 2
	social_democracy = 0
	liberal_democracy = 0
	social_conservatism = 5
	authoritarian_democracy = 32
	paternal_autocracy = 26
	national_corporatism = 15
	national_socialism = 10
	ultra_nationalism = 6
	religious_nationalism = 0
	transhumanism = 0
}
add_to_array = { global.russian_warlords = FER }
give_military_access = JAP
