capital = 126
oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = GBR_united_kingdom
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = GBR_andrew_fountaine
recruit_character = GBR_archbishops_council
recruit_character = GBR_arthur_scargill
recruit_character = GBR_colin_jordan
recruit_character = GBR_edward_viii
recruit_character = GBR_elizabeth_ii
recruit_character = GBR_enoch_powell
recruit_character = GBR_george_matthews
recruit_character = GBR_jeffrey_hamm
recruit_character = GBR_jeremy_thorpe
recruit_character = GBR_john_kingsley_read
recruit_character = GBR_john_obrian
recruit_character = GBR_john_tyndall
recruit_character = GBR_martin_webster
recruit_character = GBR_rab_butler
recruit_character = GBR_roy_jenkins
recruit_character = GBR_roy_painter
recruit_character = GBR_tony_benn
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	#Ideas
	GBR_mon_edward_viii
	GBR_the_second_1714
	#Advisors
	GBR_andrew_fountaine_for
	GBR_colin_jordan_int
	GBR_jeffrey_hamm_sec
	GBR_john_kingsley_read_hog
	GBR_john_tyndall_eco
	GBR_martin_webster_jus
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = national_corporatism
	last_election = "1972.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	totalitarian_socialism = 2
	radical_socialism = 0
	moderate_socialism = 0
	social_democracy = 10
	liberal_democracy = 6
	social_conservatism = 15
	authoritarian_democracy = 5
	paternal_autocracy = 6
	national_corporatism = 39
	national_socialism = 17
	ultra_nationalism = 0
	religious_nationalism = 0
	transhumanism = 0
}
