capital = 336
#oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = EAST_ASIA_IJSAR
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = REA_gisen_sato
recruit_character = REA_gurgen_nagolyan
recruit_character = REA_hajime_yasuda
recruit_character = REA_hayao_kinugasa
recruit_character = REA_kazuo_taoka
recruit_character = REA_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = REA_kosaku_wada
recruit_character = REA_lee_kuan_yew
recruit_character = REA_makoto_hashii
recruit_character = REA_momofuku_ando
recruit_character = REA_muraichi_horie
recruit_character = REA_otoji_saito
recruit_character = REA_ryokichi_minobe
recruit_character = REA_ryuzo_sejima
recruit_character = REA_satomi_hakamada
recruit_character = REA_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = REA_shigeyoshi_saito
recruit_character = REA_taisaku_ikeda
recruit_character = REA_takeo_nimiya
recruit_character = REA_tonosuke_otani
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	REA_gisen_sato_hog
	REA_hayao_kinugasa_sec
	REA_kiyoshi_hasegawa_jus
	REA_otoji_saito_for
	REA_shigeyoshi_inoue_int
	REA_shigeyoshi_saito_eco
}
1972.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = national_corporatism
		last_election = "1972.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		totalitarian_socialism = 5
		gradual_socialism = 5
		social_democracy = 5
		liberal_democracy = 5
		conservatism = 10
		authoritarian_democracy = 10
		paternal_autocracy = 10
		national_corporatism = 30
		national_socialism = 5
		ultra_nationalism = 5
		reactionism = 10
	}
}
