capital = 651
oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = RUS_liberation_army
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = RLA_alexander_albov
recruit_character = RLA_andrey_dikiy
recruit_character = RLA_constantine_kromiadi
recruit_character = RLA_fyodor_truhin
recruit_character = RLA_georgy_zhilenkov
recruit_character = RLA_ivan_melkikh
recruit_character = RLA_lev_savinkov
recruit_character = RLA_mikhail_meandrov
recruit_character = RLA_mikhail_oktan
recruit_character = RLA_miletiy_zykov
recruit_character = RLA_musa_calil
recruit_character = RLA_semyon_bychkov
recruit_character = RLA_sergei_bunyachenko
recruit_character = RLA_viktor_maltzev
recruit_character = RLA_vladimir_boyarsky
recruit_character = RLA_vyacheslav_artemiev
recruit_character = RLA_yuri_evtukhovich
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternal_autocracy
	last_election = "1972.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	totalitarian_socialism = 0
	radical_socialism = 0
	moderate_socialism = 0
	social_democracy = 0
	liberal_democracy = 0
	social_conservatism = 0
	authoritarian_democracy = 10
	paternal_autocracy = 40
	national_corporatism = 20
	national_socialism = 20
	ultra_nationalism = 10
	religious_nationalism = 0
	transhumanism = 0
}
add_to_array = { global.russian_warlords = RLA }
give_military_access = GER
