capital = 351
oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = UNIFY_SOVIET_UNION
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_sergeyevich_yakovlev
recruit_character = SOV_anatoly_lukyanov
recruit_character = SOV_andrei_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_andrei_gromyko
recruit_character = SOV_boris_yeltsin
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_yazov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_chernenko
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_brezhnev
recruit_character = SOV_lev_gumilyov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_gorbachev
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_suslov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_bulganin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_shchelokov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_tikhonov
recruit_character = SOV_valentin_pavlov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_viktor_chernomyrdin
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kryuchkov
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeny_primakov
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	SOV_andrei_grechko_sec
	SOV_andrei_gromyko_for
	SOV_nikolai_bulganin_jus
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = totalitarian_socialism
	last_election = "1972.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	totalitarian_socialism = 75
	radical_socialism = 15
	moderate_socialism = 10
	social_democracy = 0
	liberal_democracy = 0
	social_conservatism = 0
	authoritarian_democracy = 0
	paternal_autocracy = 0
	national_corporatism = 0
	national_socialism = 0
	ultra_nationalism = 0
	religious_nationalism = 0
	transhumanism = 0
}
add_to_array = { global.russian_warlords = SOV }
