capital = 361
#oob = ""
set_cosmetic_tag = USA_united_states
set_starting_values = yes
recruit_character = USA_al_gore
recruit_character = USA_curtis_lemay
recruit_character = USA_edmund_muskie
recruit_character = USA_elizabeth_holtzman
recruit_character = USA_gaylord_nelson
recruit_character = USA_george_h_w_bush
recruit_character = USA_george_mcgovern
recruit_character = USA_george_wallace
recruit_character = USA_gerald_ford
recruit_character = USA_geraldine_ferraro
recruit_character = USA_henry_kissinger
recruit_character = USA_hubert_humphrey
recruit_character = USA_jesse_jackson
recruit_character = USA_jimmy_carter
recruit_character = USA_joe_biden
recruit_character = USA_lyndon_johnson
recruit_character = USA_nelson_rockefeller
recruit_character = USA_richard_nixon
recruit_character = USA_ronald_reagan
recruit_character = USA_scoop_jackson
recruit_character = USA_shirley_chisolm
recruit_character = USA_sidney_hook
recruit_character = USA_tom_kahn
recruit_character = USA_walter_mondale
set_convoys = 20
add_ideas = {
	
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberal_democracy
	last_election = "1968.11.7"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	totalitarian_socialism = 0
	radical_socialism = 4
	moderate_socialism = 6
	social_democracy = 20
	liberal_democracy = 30
	social_conservatism = 20
	authoritarian_democracy = 15
	paternal_autocracy = 0
	national_corporatism = 3
	national_socialism = 2
	ultra_nationalism = 0
	religious_nationalism = 0
	transhumanism = 0
}
